c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Autotest\Autotest\bin\Debug\NUnit3.TestAdapter.dll
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Autotest\Autotest\bin\Debug\NUnit3.TestAdapter.pdb
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Autotest\Autotest\bin\Debug\nunit.engine.dll
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Autotest\Autotest\bin\Debug\nunit.engine.api.dll
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Autotest\Autotest\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.dll
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Autotest\Autotest\bin\Debug\Autotest.dll
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Autotest\Autotest\bin\Debug\Autotest.pdb
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Autotest\Autotest\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Autotest\Autotest\bin\Debug\Selenium.WebDriverBackedSelenium.dll
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Autotest\Autotest\bin\Debug\ThoughtWorks.Selenium.Core.dll
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Autotest\Autotest\bin\Debug\WebDriver.dll
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Autotest\Autotest\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.dll
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Autotest\Autotest\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.pdb
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Autotest\Autotest\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Autotest\Autotest\bin\Debug\Selenium.WebDriverBackedSelenium.xml
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Autotest\Autotest\bin\Debug\ThoughtWorks.Selenium.Core.xml
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Autotest\Autotest\bin\Debug\WebDriver.xml
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Autotest\Autotest\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.xml
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Autotest\Autotest\obj\Debug\Autotest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Autotest\Autotest\obj\Debug\Autotest.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Autotest\Autotest\obj\Debug\Autotest.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Autotest\Autotest\obj\Debug\Autotest.dll
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Autotest\Autotest\obj\Debug\Autotest.pdb
C:\Users\Администратор\Autotest\Autotest\bin\Debug\NUnit3.TestAdapter.dll
C:\Users\Администратор\Autotest\Autotest\bin\Debug\NUnit3.TestAdapter.pdb
C:\Users\Администратор\Autotest\Autotest\bin\Debug\nunit.engine.dll
C:\Users\Администратор\Autotest\Autotest\bin\Debug\nunit.engine.api.dll
C:\Users\Администратор\Autotest\Autotest\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.dll
C:\Users\Администратор\Autotest\Autotest\bin\Debug\Autotest.dll
C:\Users\Администратор\Autotest\Autotest\bin\Debug\Autotest.pdb
C:\Users\Администратор\Autotest\Autotest\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
C:\Users\Администратор\Autotest\Autotest\bin\Debug\Selenium.WebDriverBackedSelenium.dll
C:\Users\Администратор\Autotest\Autotest\bin\Debug\ThoughtWorks.Selenium.Core.dll
C:\Users\Администратор\Autotest\Autotest\bin\Debug\WebDriver.dll
C:\Users\Администратор\Autotest\Autotest\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.dll
C:\Users\Администратор\Autotest\Autotest\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.pdb
C:\Users\Администратор\Autotest\Autotest\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
C:\Users\Администратор\Autotest\Autotest\bin\Debug\Selenium.WebDriverBackedSelenium.xml
C:\Users\Администратор\Autotest\Autotest\bin\Debug\ThoughtWorks.Selenium.Core.xml
C:\Users\Администратор\Autotest\Autotest\bin\Debug\WebDriver.xml
C:\Users\Администратор\Autotest\Autotest\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.xml
C:\Users\Администратор\Autotest\Autotest\obj\Debug\Autotest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Администратор\Autotest\Autotest\obj\Debug\Autotest.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Администратор\Autotest\Autotest\obj\Debug\Autotest.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\Администратор\Autotest\Autotest\obj\Debug\Autotest.dll
C:\Users\Администратор\Autotest\Autotest\obj\Debug\Autotest.pdb
